## Summery
This was a difficult task to accomplish for me but I'm proud of what I accomplished here. The system shown looks mutch diffrent than that in my low fidelity prototypes this is because as I started to use the placeholder widgets to space everything out on the screen it occored to me that three quarters of the screen was going unused. At this point I decided to refactor my original prototype by bringing the top scroll bar downin line with the video and comment box and making it vertical instead of horizontal. This in turn resulted in a few other shifts from the original design. 

## what I learned:
### Don't re-invent the wheel!
I have an absolutely terrable habbit of trying to come up whith my own way of doing things when I get stuck instead of serching for what someone else has already done and that tendency led to days of wasted time on this project because I was convinced that I could come up with something wonderful from the bare bones media player components that come with flutter web. In reality I don't have the expiriance in either flutter or dart to put out somthing clean. I finaly accepted this and found Chiewe. Named after the beloved Chewbaca this flutter plugin helps act as a set of training wheels for the bare bones flutter media player parts. In all actuality instead of banging my head against a brick wall I should have looked around for a nice hammer to knock it down allot sooner. All in all though with the help of Chiewe I managed to use one of It's prebuilt players to get somthing that looks good and is functional. However that does not mean that the rest of the itteration got off scott free. I spent so much time on the media player that the rest is lackluster. The buttons while there are not what I really wanted nore are they functional Nore is the comments section anything more than a placeholder box. 

In short while I am proud of my half way point.